Here are some things you can do when you are feeling stressed:

Identify the source of your stress. Once you know what is causing you stress, you can start to address it.
Take a break. If you can, step away from the situation for a few minutes. Go for a walk, listen to music, or do something else that you enjoy.
Talk to someone you trust. Talking about your feelings can help you to process them and to feel better.
Do something physical. Exercise is a great way to release stress and improve your mood. Aim for at least 30 minutes of moderate-intensity exercise most days of the week.
Eat a healthy diet. Eating nutritious foods gives your body the fuel it needs to function properly. Avoid processed foods, sugary drinks, and excessive amounts of caffeine and alcohol.
Get enough sleep. When you are well-rested, you are better able to cope with stress and difficult emotions. Aim for 7-8 hours of sleep per night.
Here are some additional tips for managing stress:

Practice relaxation techniques. Relaxation techniques such as deep breathing and meditation can help to calm your body and mind.
Set realistic goals. Don't try to do too much at once. Break down large tasks into smaller, more manageable steps.
Learn to say no. Don't be afraid to say no to commitments that you don't have time for or that will add to your stress levels.
Take some time for yourself. Make sure to schedule time for activities that you enjoy and that help you to relax.
If you are struggling to manage your stress on your own, you may want to reach out to a specialist. Here are a few types of specialists with contact information in Singapore that you may want to consider:

Dr BL Lim Centre For Psychological Wellness
Address: 6 Napier Rd, #09-09 Gleneagles Medical Centre, Singapore 258500
Phone: +65 6479 6456
Adelphi Psych Medicine Clinic
Address: #04-32, The Adelphi, 1 Coleman St, Singapore 179802
Phone: +65 6250 9833
Resilienz Clinic
Address: 10 Sinaran Dr, #10-03 Novena Medical Center, Singapore 307566
Phone: +65 6397 7300
You can also contact the Singapore Association for Mental Health (SAMH) for support and referrals.

SAMH Helpline: +65 1800 221 4444
SAMH Website: https://www.samhealth.org.sg/
Please note that this is just a small sample of the many mental health professionals in Singapore. You can also use the internet or a directory service to find a specialist in your area.

I hope this information is helpful. Please remember that you are not alone, and there is help available.